---
layout: project_page
permalink: /
title: "SIDL: A Real-World Dataset for Restoring Smartphone Images with Dirty Lenses"
authors:
    - Sooyoung Choi*, 
    - Sungyong Park*, 
    - Heewon Kim
affiliations:
    - Soongsil University
paper: Coming soon
video: Coming soon
code: Coming soon
data: Coming soon
---

<!-- Using HTML to center the abstract -->
<div class="columns is-centered has-text-centered">
    <div class="column is-four-fifths">
        <h2>Abstract</h2>
        <div class="content has-text-justified">
Smartphone cameras are ubiquitous in daily life, yet their
performance can be severely impacted by dirty lenses, lead-
ing to degraded image quality. This issue is often over-
looked in image restoration research, which assumes ideal
or controlled lens conditions. To address this gap, we intro-
duced SIDL (Smartphone Images with Dirty Lenses), a novel
dataset designed to restore images captured through contam-
inated smartphone lenses. SIDL contains diverse real-world
images taken under various lighting conditions and environ-
ments. These images feature a wide range of lens contami-
nants, including water drops, fingerprints, and dust. Each con-
taminated image is paired with a clean reference image, en-
abling supervised learning approaches for restoration tasks.
To evaluate the challenge posed by SIDL, various state-of-
the-art restoration models were trained and compared on this
dataset. Their performances achieved some level of restora-
tion but did not adequately address the diverse and realistic
nature of the lens contaminants in SIDL. This challenge high-
lights the need for more robust and adaptable image restora-
tion techniques for restoring images with dirty lenses.
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

---

> Note: This is an example of a Jekyll-based project website template: [Github link](https://github.com/shunzh/project_website).\
> The following content is generated by ChatGPT. The figure is manually added.

## Background
Coming soon




## Citation
```
Coming soon
  pages={5},
  year={1936}
}
```
